this is an olive grove it has 600 olive
trees and it belonged to my father and
he passed it on to me so now it's
harvest time you can see the olives
they're still green but we are we
harvest them green because that's the
prime oil and this year we didn't have
the right weather so the trees are empty
this is a disaster they're empty this is
not oh they they they tilt with the
weight of the olives and because it was
very warm and very wet we have all these
these over growths that have to be cut
out because they suck out the juices
from the tree
we don't plow we don't spray everything
is absolutely natural here we try to
keep it as much close to nature and as
possible we don't want to interfere a
lot anyway the olive trees don't need
much these actually now they still need
a lot of care for two or three more
years because they're only 12 years old
because they can survive 1,000 2,000
3,000 years
we liked the place very much it was just
nothing when we came and we decided that
we like to build a house here and to
enjoy the view and the quiet and the
serenity and be nature for a change
because all our lives were stuck in an
office see how empty the trees are see
how empty I see them yeah it's a
disaster it's a disaster
if we don't have a cold winter next year
we're not going to have olives since it
is a very very secluded side
in a way we had to articulate a design
that would offer a sense of protection a
sense of intimacy the whole region has
many many many yes it's olives you can
see they're all older the plane is full
of Olives yes the second very important
element was that this house is in the
midst of an olive grew for 300 olives in
between the Megara plane that we see
there and the view of this mountain
since it was a 200 square meters house
not a very very big house we decided to
inscribe it into a triangle so that all
of the sides of the high house where of
maximum length you could not achieve
this through a simple rectangular form
that's the reason why the house became
triangular we made two of the sides
quite massive protective with very small
openings and and the third one the
rectilinear completely opens to the
mountain and the view
this is a front door it looks like
you're entering a magical garden
designed by by dilemmas and made by my
husband the lowest part of the house
it's its entrance and the entrance is a
small triangular coat yet we tried with
the plants to give some roundness
everything is so austere yes so we try
to make round and round and round and
these things and the they have the
plants hanging and they they they change
colors with seasons and they die and
come with seasons so we we let the
organisms take the shapes and so they
live with us and this these cuts in the
walls bring different light every time
of the day when it is morning we have
the morning light and then as the Sun
goes the colors in the courtyard change
the light in the courtyard changes and
it's really lovely we we love this we
love this feeling so you see if you come
and in the afternoon here it's
completely different it's another other
shapes are the colors and this is the
this is this the the main the courtyard
where we live
really we also try to keep it as natural
as possible we don't want ghazan grass
there are in a way to corridors in the
house an open-air one that is connected
with the two courtyards and a closed one
a glass roofed one that connects the
living quarters to the sleeping quarters
and as you can also see that the
corridor is out of rammed earth and this
is the main entrance and we put our sofa
here so that we could have a beautiful
view
and all this you can open straight down
and then it is one the ground the earth
the olive trees are in the house you are
with the trees you're out you're out in
you're out in the olive grove what is
the direct view of the mountain well
you're in contact with your trees at all
times at all times yes we talk to them
eventually then we have names I think
and we had plans for curtains and never
we have we don't want anything it's just
in the in the way all these things
anyway nobody sees us only the birds so
we have no problem
the only curtain we have is this it
separates the three parts of the living
space
so this is the living room in a way and
it's separated from the dining room but
yes you create a room in between a
larger space so that these three spaces
are more intimate now this is a dining
room in a way that is connected to the
garden it's an element a bit like the
plants it tries to soften the austerity
of design we like that when everything
is open that their curtains are moving
by the wind
it is a very easy house to maintain
because we have chosen to have the
minimum of things in here so that we can
cope with it because I'm getting old and
I don't want to suffer so we have just
this which is big enough to accommodate
people and then this is the dining area
this is our heart race
listen so yes yes yes it is insulated it
is a we put hood underneath and we have
we sit there and we enjoy the fire and
the mountain in the winter it is a good
life we have skipped all the traditional
ovens and all that so we installed
modern oven and this is probably the
best place in the house for me it is not
very often that you can cook and talk
and look and be in nature and be with
people so this is a very social place
even washing the dishes is fun which is
not a very nice thing this is very nice
and the oven the microwave is all yes
the kitchen is taken by the mountain as
you can see I mean the mountain decides
when the cupboards will close and when
they will open because it's a pure good
and when it's when it's very hot it
shrinks and when it's very in the winter
it's now you see now some of them this
one doesn't want to close but we don't
care I mean we have come to terms with
the mountain the mountain is dominant
here so we don't mind at all
and the lies
it's just to iron pieces of of a width
of three centimeters they are very good
at night that light is beautiful now
this is the way going to the bedrooms
and this is a very useful storage area
as well where we keep all all our
clutter you have to hide it somewhere we
have all the the shoes and the the
things we wear in the garden and that
it's the dirty cat bird very useful this
is for the friends oh for our children
when they come and I think this really
has a beautiful view view of the garden
and of the olive grove you don't need
more because you can't see more you it's
enough and it only has a bed that's only
that's what you need if you want to put
your mobile somewhere you put it on the
floor it's very fresh in the summer as
well and very warm in the winter the
bedrooms are very very well protected in
spring and summer this is all very green
now they are dropping their leaves it's
beautiful this is a shower and the
toilet this is a beautiful shower and
with a beautiful view
always the olives you see it's olives
it's an olive grove we don't mind
looking at the olives all year round the
shower is a triangle as well yes I like
these shapes they give you I don't know
they give you a vitality you say Oh
and this is the master bedroom
this is the best place in the world to
sleep and we were supposed to be blind
and I we decided we don't want anything
because there's the night sky is
absolutely magnificent so we don't want
anything we just leave it and we have
our garden in front in front of us
and this you can pull this you can close
it completely you have no counter
communication with a battle and this is
the bathroom this is the only thing that
is really of the old times I remember my
grandparents having this kind of thing
to wash their clothes and and of course
the shower it's again triangular after
here okay but it's so there's no glass
no you have the open feeling it's big
enough
[Music]
and we have this little window here that
is very sneaky you open that in the
summer and it makes such a nice draft
it's like if you have our condition we
don't need it we open two doors and
that's it yes yes and the flowers and
the roof if the roof is completely
insulated so the flowers are
soil so the house essentially did you
open the windows and that's it
also what is quite important it's that
it is s it's a house on a slope it's on
purpose that we have the more intimate
spaces at the lowest more human side of
the triangle and the more extrovert
living quarters at the higher more
grandiose side of the triangle in a way
the instructions for emotion and use in
this desert in the house right you could
say that yes and as you can see the
height is quite small at the end of the
inclined roof yeah this is the short the
shortest is the entrance door it's
really a bit like Alice in Wonderland so
it is very important to see what I say
about the inclination of the prison is
that two of the sides this is a
trapezoid inclined side so that the
house makes a funnel to the mountain the
surfaces of the house are out of exposed
concrete that is tinted in a warm earthy
color
especially when it has light on it when
sun is on the concrete
it gets really war it's amazing that a
concrete structure could feel so part of
the landscape I think because it matches
the rough yes but this is was also done
on purpose because it's not the normal
concrete color we painted it so that it
matches exactly the rock I experimented
with the color of elevation so that it
matches the rock but because when it was
poured and we saw it on site
it was a cold in a way grey and the
house was not grounded when we color it
it became similar to the rock and it was
finally grounded and you see it's the
same tilt of the earth
I didn't even know if I could see
through it but we were saying like huge
you here yes of course
it's it's it's this this cut is is
particularly designed at the edge of the
trapezoid at you so that it's not it's
not closed so that adds probably late
yes of course when when there is Sun
this is the eastern side early in the
morning there is Sun entering vent room
by this lot
and you see that already there are
dumpling plants on the exposed concrete
so the aim is that the plants temple on
the facades gradually it becomes an
ecosystem especially if Birds drop
things I don't know if they be told you
about the the water feature there is
there is a well an ancient well in the
field whose water we use in order to
recirculate it around the house the
water starts from that corner begins
from the wall and makes a tour around
the house it sits for cooling and for
being able to hear the water running to
hear this wonderful sound of the water
running also were climatically somehow
yes in a way it offers its first its
offers the coolness during summer the
small lake around winning the only if we
feel in the lake
oh nice how big air and the birds love
it because they drink water all summer
what is also quite important is that the
inclination of the roof suddenly gets
more abrupt in order to open up the view
to the mountain with a greater intensity
if it was just continuing the the
mountain would be of the mountain you
would be obstructed you're in the house
and in the early growth that's what is
amazing about this place you want you
want this or do you want this there and
this is with rosemary yeah
salad yes everything is from the garden